No little girl can ever make me come.
I think we just need to get wasted.

Thank God, the police.
then I figured it.

And he saw that it was good.
What if God was one of us.

I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness news. Back to you fuckers 1
Well, I guess that's the way life works, isn't it?

And that's the way the cookie crumbles.
Any word on the open anchor position, Jack?

How much can a man give to his country?
Where can I get a cab back to town?

If you refuse, you die, she dies, everybody dies.
She's sleeping, but only I can awaken her.

If you were any less black, you would be clear.
If you let them in here, they will kill you.

I am not a bathroom attendant!
We've been here five minutes.

Here. Let me put these in some rubbing alcohol.
We haven't seen each other since high school.

I'll lick the stamps.
I'm thinking of it.

I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
This is the first one that looked like it was hiding from the world at large.

I got you nectarines because the peaches are hard as rocks.
And then we all smiled, and it was a great minute.

A shovel just makes too goddamn much racket.
By the way, how was it out there?

If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office.

I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
We go out, we find those damn snake things, we make 'em extinct.

Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
If I don't see it in front of me, you're right.

We did it right there, in the big cauldron!
She had lovers, but she saved that for marriage.

You could have picked a better spot.
This is no rabble of mindless Orcs.

Bring your pretty face to my axe!
The air is so close in here.

Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Never where you expect it, that's all I know.

Don't piss me off, junior.  Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
I gotta go break the news to Megan's friends about what's happened.

Dude--I think I just filled the cup.
And we got just the thing for that.

All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats.
And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms.

Do you want to die here?
Just give me the goddamn disc!

Don't bother to scream.
We fell from grace together.

Who knocked up your sister?
What 're you talking about?

Leave it to you to use big words when you're shitfaced.
You don't strike me as the type that would ask permission.

And I'm back in the saddle.
She's partial to Joey, not me

I have a dick on my face, don't I?
Patrick, Pat, you're not looking at the big picture.

Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
So get your ass on hers by the end of the week.

Remove head from sphincter!  Then pedal!
Ask Bianca who drove her home

Charlotte had pudding in her Prada.
When something is really, really funny.

What does your gut tell you?
Why didn't you say something?

It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
He said he wrote because he didn't have your phone number.

Year after year, twenty-something women come to New York City in search of the two "L's": labels and love.
I had told Louise to put Big in a place where I would never have to hear from him again.

Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
Which is why I called them.

I curse the day you were born.
I've got everything I ever wanted.

Here I am, you lucky people!
It's a test of skill.

Can you learn to see in the dark, Captain?
I have little interest in your quaint vessel, Captain.

How about a little fire, Scarecrow?
Ah -- now we've got them!

Where do you want to be oiled first?
We've come such a long way already.

I can fairly hear my heart beating!
That's what the other man said.

I think I'll miss you most of all.
Oh, dear -- that's too wonderful to be true!

Only bad witches are ugly.
She brings you good news.

Don't they ever stop migrating?
Did you find her all right?

Alimony is just another word for rape!
They had a very popular series together.

You know I don't like to wear any underwear, don't you, Nick?
I wanted to write a book about the murder of a retired rock star.

Everybody that she plays with dies.
I went over to your place.

Does that make you horny?
All right, I get it.

Peace and quit is for libraries.
I - I don't know, Bill.

I detest cheap sentiment.
I wish I did.

Let's see if you bleed green.
Cannot get good help these days.

If you want to play with animals, Mr. Walsh, join the circus.
Or collected in the bladder to be expelled at a later time.

Get that crap outta here!
It's my turn now.

Now that hurt the both of us.
I think you're looking at him.

I hear a train coming. Drink.
I came through that gate alone.

Kids!  Always a disappointment.
See a family resemblance?

You replaced Scott with a lesbian?
They'll burn the joint down.

If you're lying to me. I'll be back.
We're different parts of a lot of different people.

I don't know what the problem is, but I'm sure it can be solved without resorting to violence.
As a matter of fact, a small tropical island, in the South Pacific, about 300 nautical miles south-southwest of Fiji.

Welcome to Sea World, kid.
Twenty-seven banks in three years.

It is infuriating that your unhappiness does not turn to fat!
When you start to eat like this something is the matter.

You're a hooker, you hooker.
Good luck on your important thing.

We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
Shh, Shh, I can't tell you now.

Take care of our kids.
You're out of milk.

He should not be hitting you, Jenny.
I didn't want it to end.

That's all I have to say about that.
Even Lieutenant Dan would come and watch me play.

Well. That was brilliant.
Slow the hell down!

Definitely not from around here.
I think he's dead.

What am I going to do with forty subscriptions to Vibe ?
I'm going to take the blame for it, I decided.

Now get in my way! Bitch.
Suck my dick, Suck my dick.

Jesus Christ. What happened?
Don't worry Jennie.

I don't know what I'm doing.
Well, we'll build it over time together.

Peekaboo, you fucks, you.
I know one thing.

Yup. That's one of the great things about Paris. Lots of girls willing take their clothes off.
When it got cold, I decided to go to Paris and see what the real artists were doing.

You'd make a great poker player, kid.
It was nice to see you again, Ally.

Damn you, Jack Spar-row!
There are no survivors.

I challenge Davy Jones.
An eternity of servitude.

Keep a weather eye on the horizon.
The property you want that he possesses.

Still rooting for you, mate!
If you please: The key.

Jack Sparrow. Our debt is settled.
Who told them of the key?

How do you know of the key?
You need time alone with your thoughts.

It's the Bible. You get credit for trying.
We gotta take care of our immortal souls.

You're not a dipsomaniac at your age?
You know that I can't tell you.

I feel like an idiot —— fainting in a stranger's office.
Once you'd seen my sister you'd never forget her.

In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
You have taken your first step into a larger world.

I have a very bad feeling about this.
It sure is leaving in a big hurry.

Great shot, kid. That was one in a million.
Now let's blow this thing and go home!

And, now Your Highness, we will discuss the location of your hidden Rebel base.
Send a distress signal and then inform the senate that all aboard were killed!

The Force is strong with this one!
Send a detachment down to retrieve them.

Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
It'd be as well to let it go.

Don't make me use this.
What's that supposed to mean?

It's got to be the uniform.
I'll have to think about it.

Percy met your mouse.
Put these clothes on!

I just can't see God putting a gift like that in the hands of a man who would kill a child.
You're going to have a few hours of quiet time now, so you can reflect on what you did to Del.

Wipe you face before you stand up, Dean.
John, I should have that just for now.

How does it feel to know you're about to die?
We need that film and we don't need any bullshit --

It's a hard world for little things.
Bring them all down here to the kitchen.

Salvation is a last-minute business, boy.
No, Brother; I resigned only yesterday.

They abide and they endure.
Mind where you shoot, boys!

Let's snuff the fucker.
You sure as shit did!

When somebody asks me a question, I tell them the answer.
I have to wade through a metre of water every morning.

I thought we would meet again only in death.
I sleep in a bed, not on the street.

All lines are currently down.
You may proceed, mon ami'.

Dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
Are you going to read Grandpa's new book?

Stupid superstitious bastard.
Curse my ass.

We are in serious trouble.
Keep an eye on her.

Death is only the beginning.
What's it look like!

I only gamble with my life, never my money.
Like I told ya, all I saw was sand.

Something's wrong with me.
How are my boys, Bill?

If I'm not back in five minutes… call Lloyd Bridges.
As soon as I find the white pigeon, you're paid!

I found a broken gasket, from space --
Victor, this isn't the way to --

Yeah, I have that effect on people.
Oh, you remember my name do you?

Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
We would have gone with The Rock, but it was taken.

Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor?
I had to increase the dose.

It does sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
All right, let's say we're in the door.

Sorry. I was just trying to be nice.
See, I wouldn't think that about you.

You throw money around like it was money.
He swept the old gang out of office.

I can't kill people. My future is in television.
So what's this money deal you were talking about?

Life was sweet. For a minute.
Head of network sales at thirty.

Everything we know about you guys is wrong.
Wow, he's better than you ever were.

The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise.
At least when they say they're going to have a war, they keep their word.

Negro, what the hell you doing to my woman?
That's why I'm the king around here.

Chicks, cannot hold der smoke! That's what it is!
When I signed up, you know, for the course I mean.

You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
It's all part of your image, I don't believe a word of it.

Never trust a fucking angel.
Why do you need me?

Free cable is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
I got her back for you.

I guess you're not home.
You got me pretty fucking curious.

I hate that fortune cookie shit.
He never begged for his life.

Is the Colonel's underwear a matter of national security?
Santiago wasn't going anywhere, isn't that right, Colonel.

So this is what a courtroom looks like.
Their fate was sealed the moment Santiago died.

What happened to saluting an officer when he leaves the room?
Dawson's gonna go to jail just to spite me.

I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.

Jerry, you are a restraining order waiting to happen.
That I won't be back for two weeks.

Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale.
I already got everything I need from you.

The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
I'll be up in a while to help you ring in the New Year.

Lenny! Jesus! You scared the Hell out of me.
I was trying to keep you out of this.

Find them and destroy them!
Can you hear me, Morpheus?

Never send a human to do a machine's job.
Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet.

Welcome to the real world!
You know what real is?

You speak so many bloody languages and you never want to talk.
He was shouting - I love you, Katharine, I love you so much.

There is no God. But I hope someone looks after you.
You know - the hollow - here - does that have an official name?

Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.
Look, you gave me some work over the last year.

You find out what you wanted to know, mister?
You find out what you wanted to know, mister?

I stick my neck out for nobody.
Mistakes like that happen all the time.

Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
You're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong.

-- I wouldn't bring up Paris if I were you. It's poor salesmanship.
Your unexpected visit isn't connected by any chance with the letters of transit?

Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Because you knew what it would be like, hiding from the police, running away all the time?

We aren't going to have a war. We're going to have the "appearance" of a war.
It's gotta be quick, it's gotta be dramatic, you got to have an enemy.

I just bet my balls and shook on it.
I'm going to see what the hell happened.

To girls with big pairs.
Where's the women, man?

Looks a little like our house doesn't it?
There is no one watching out for us Merrill.

It's like War of the Worlds.
I'm sorry, what book is this?

You'll lose the signal!
How can you say that?

Have you checked the children?
You've called the police?

Is looking like a constipated warthog a prerequisite to getting a job in the art world?
I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride.

Interesting job you guys got.
You're a wonderful dad.

We'll take it from here.
Maybe you won't have to.

Hell will hold no surprises for us.
What did they do to your eyes?

I'm fireproof. You weren't.
Tell Father I'll be home.

Didn't I kill you already?
You can do better than that.

The war will still be here tomorrow.
What will you do after the war?

I've got to get Ted.  Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
Also, we're heading right for the sun and can't seem to change course.

This is all going to end badly.
My agenda is to watch your back.

He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Can I go forward when my heart is here?

Well Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
I pay thy poverty and not thy will.

A dog of the house of Capulet moves me!
They must take it in sense that feel it.

Tempt not a desperate man!
Shall I believe that unsubstantial

Be not so long to speak. I lone to die!
That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.

I've come for you, Margaret.
Not till I'm dead, Eric.

Do you want to be dead, Albert?
Or do we piss about all day?

Take your clothes off.
Keep your pants on.

You couldn't win an egg and spoon race, Eric.
I bet you could use a drink, could you, Eric?

If it bleeds, we can kill it.
Billy, take the radio, leave the rest.

Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder?
I think Maroon plays the part of the sound mind, your wife the sound body.

Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
Your friend there just untied the water beggar.

Maybe he'll adopt me.
We left you a message.

Now that's one ugly dude.
Yeah, what did we do, Ray?

I now declare this bridge open.
Aye, but you know him well.

You're my conscience.
I take it back.

I'll understand if you don't. But I hope you do.
Some people I know, they're planning to rob The Golden Lion.

Without hope there's no point to anything.
He doesn't give a shit about anyone.

Dmitri didn't want the money?
it's what I always wanted!

Uh, dad, you can let go now.
Don't let me go belly up!

Don't translate asides.
You have a daughter?

Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
We have monitored a large explosion in your sector.

There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
We believe it was caused by over mining and insufficient safety precautions.

Guess who is coming to dinner.
Captain, shall we raise our shields?

My husband tells me you're in sharks.
Excuse me, but what are you talking about?

If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.
The meetings will be conducted by myself and the other new initiates now present.

Next time I see you, you die.
Chris, get the hell away from him!

You're not someone I could get interested in. Craig. You play with dolls.
" No, that's the ad, but let's talk about you in a minute.

What happens when a man climbs through his own portal?
I moved his arm across your girlfriend's glorious tit.

The truth is for suckers, Johnny-Boy.
This is my type of chick.

I'm still here, Chief.
Elvis has left the building.

No one kills him but me.
I want blood for my blood.

Welcome to the party, pal.
Bad for your health anyway.

And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
So if that dope doesn't arrive, for whatever reason - Cousin or no cousin - don't let me down.

What matters in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never forgetting where you came from.
Though I'd rather not have to drag my ass all the way up here every time.

Greatness is overrated.
You being paid?

The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Sydney, seldom does a day go by that I'm not burned in effigy.

Did you drink and dial?
These girls want to party.

Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work.
They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup as the east wind.

All you gotta do is pull on the trigger, mister.
"Jim," I says, "You are a liar and a horse thief.

Did Paw used to kill folks?
I think they got the fever.

That really doesn't work, does it?
It is already here in my head.

Is her mother still lying on the floor?
At last I shall be freed by death!

Your son is an unprincipled, spoiled, conceited brat.
And how will you make him keep it?

Bugger this for a bunch of bananas.
You think it's the wrong moment.

We were eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked.
Mr. President, agreeing to such a trade would be tantamount to paying ransom.

I'll whistle up some luck for you.
We need to be positive before we react.

Sleep is for the weak, Mr. President.
Feels good to win, doesn't it?

Call me Irish, but I don't believe in cooler heads prevailing.
And we need to get these guys out of the White House.

I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school.
Another stunt like that, cowboy -- you're going to get us killed.

Look at him. Perverse as a pink pickle.
In the morning we'll plan our fight.

There is no us, you psychotic bitch.
Why are you helping these raving psychotics.

Kids. Ten seconds of joy. Thirty years of misery.
I figured my wife's boyfriend was taking it.

Sure, it's big enough, but look at the location.
Just, Donkey - - Let's have a dance then, shall me?

Guns would make one warrior like two.
No, there is nothing for me there.

I don't care if you leave this second.
I just sort of think it's juvenile now.

Stand by for Justice!
Gimme this thing.

Why don't you make like a tree and get the fuck outta here!
I left them a note telling them not to show their faces t- tonight.

So you're telling me it was one guy with six guns? A-and he was a senior fucking citizen?
According to the dogma of the Catholic church, I should probably burst into flames right here in this booth.

I swear I will not kill anyone.
That is one of my mission parameters.

So what's your story?
You can't cry, John.

What is wrong with your eyes?
The data could be called pain.

Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
She tries to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested.

Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
Some cop is scoping for you, dude.

Cut it out butt-hole!
Yeah, turn it up!

This is the coolest thing I have ever seen.
They need to put a drinking fountain out here.

I like Harry, but I can't deny he sweats a little.
My curiosity is killing me; what are you so rambunctious about tonight?

Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
He never would have killed himself if I hadn't gone through with the annulment.

Now don't kid a kidder.
Yes, the Justice, that's right.

I wish, for just one day, Dad couldn't tell a lie.
.If I go in the water right after lunch, will I drown?

We've met before, haven't we?
In fact, I'm there right now.

Who the hell owns that dog?
Not necessarily the way they happened.

Some people are just born with tragedy in their blood.
Yeah, they told me to get out of the house.

Okay, fine. I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference --
A hell of a lot of people have lived on that land since then.

Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
Would I like to get her on a slow elevator to China.

You used to ride with that guy?
I wish you the best, Mrs. Parker.

They don't wash cars on the parking levels.
I thought I might hole up with my dad.

You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
See, the kind of people you steal things from, they have insurance to compensate them.

Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.
There's a lady knows your play by heart.

I love you, Will, beyond poetry.
Will you read it for me?

Gentlemen upstage! Ladies downstage! Are you a lady, Mr. Kent?
"Oh, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you!

You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
I have hurt you and I am sorry for it.

She supplies the whole southwest with chicken feed.
Edith was just telling me about her job.

It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
That's the influence of the right food, the right exercise, and the right breathing.

It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
The cops tell the eyewitnesses, "Don't doubt your ID, we got 'em dead on the gun.

Do you like the way I feel?
You can kiss them if you want.

Walking corpses are not real!
I'm in charge here!

Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
Your father was looking for you, Mr. Robertson.

Please don't give him any more acid.
And not that anybody's using you, but -

Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming.
And you skipped kindergarten because I taught it to you when you were four.

Adolescence is a marketing tool.
So you skipped fifth grade.

Your looks have become a problem.
What happened to you last night?

He was never a "person!" He was a journalist!
And I'm still in love with you Leslie.

I'm gonna get that son of a bitch!
Eileen -- I didn't know you were that kinda girl!

He's never met a princess. Only queens.
My gardener, who insisted I bring him today.

One likes to live simply.
I expect you can't.

We'll tear your soul apart!
It's time we were away.

We had to hear it from his own lips -
If he takes another step, we open his throat.

Who said anything about a warrant?
Shut up and get down here!

Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
I want a home and children and peace.

We all end up dead. It's only a question of how. And why.
We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord.

They look at us like we're monsters.
Tell him I couldn't read his lips.

Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul.
We are here for your protection and safety.

What have you done with his body?
My husband's dead, isn't he?

It's safer to teach you English.
I'll be leaving in ten minutes.

Nothing personal, babe.
Oh, poor Larry.

I recommend amputation.
It's coming.

Sure is a funky old house, ain't it?
Oh, I think we're going to have several.

When I speak of time, I'm referring to the fourth dimension.
We can move in the other three -- up, down, forward, backward, sideways.

Hey, I'm the flavour of the month!
Why don't you come back with me?

She doesn't want the chocolate!
I'm writing it for you.

Show them the courage of Allah.
Cut off the infidel's hand.

How did your uneducated kind ever take Jerusalem?
You should not have left without me, Englishman.

Your mother mates out of season.
You don't want to know.

If the drug is here, we must destroy it.
They had months in quarantine to develop the plan.

It went straight for the warhead. And they think it's cute.
I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras.

Those guys are about a much fun as a tax audit.
Nobody knows the systems on this rig better than I do.

Oh, we totally have to.
Who reads all this shit?

Give me all your money, bitch!
We have to go in here!

I'm not gonna let this stand.
I appreciate that, I thought this was history.

Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
I'm getting a little dizzy, I can feel my heart pumping --

Easy, Bill. You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her.

Got enough nice pictured, Easter.
But I not lonely here.

You never know. Lightning could strike.
Depends on the woman I marry.

Thank you for loving me.
You're the poison, Drew.

You're tearing me apart!
You buy me many things.

What does he know about Man alone?
I guess I'm just no good?

Daddy, come inside before you drown!
Is there a letter for me?

Well, you have your war.
I found you this book.

I've had to put myself in the way of people's kindness.
-- Sometimes I think I'm crazy when I'm just hungry -- Ada Monroe.

I'm wetter than a fish.
I can't get much wetter.

Let's put him in a pot.
Is that a yes or a no?

You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples?
And you won't be able to take care of them, either.

As much as God loves you.
No, it just makes you doubly

What I like and what I. need are two different things.
Because I'm all you've got Because I know him.

Who's going to want me now?
Who's ever going to want me?

"All you need is love."
You wear too much perfume.

Snug, I'm calling in a solid you owe me.
You can be in charge that long, can't you?

Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
And I did it without your precious gifts, your oh-so-special powers.

Beautiful evening. You can almost see the stars.
I think you're afraid to find out.

Best goddamn car on the lot.
He signed it over to me.

You're telling me Tell-A-Son boy is a genius.
Fuck the traps, let's get to the bridge.

It's going to be a long spring.
Why, their intense hatred of you, of course.

Anyone care to join me?
I could use a coffee.

How's that for collateral damage?
Morgan, the guy from 23, right?

I'm tired and emotional.
Never said a truer word.

I'm going completely crazy.
I can't stand it.

Can I have a piece of toast?
Do you think it's a dog?

Beware the moon, David.
Please don't cry.

Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
Listen, if you get too anxious, call me at the hospital, okay?

A naked, American man stole my balloons.
I don't know who you are.

I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!
It's all right, I know I'm being insane.

Shall I be forced to feed you, David?
Let's try a little harder, shall we?

You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
In fact, they treated the whole incident like a bad dream.

Stop kidnapping my girlfriend!
I'm not jello!

Melodrama coming from you seems about as natural as an oral bowel movement.
If you want Caitlin, then face Veronica, tell her, and be with Caitlin.

Try not to suck any more dicks on your way through the parking lot!
Every time I kiss you now I'm going to taste thirty-six other guys.

I'm not even supposed to be here today!
The guy got sick and couldn't come in.

I never thought I would say this, but can I go work now?
"-- I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet," yeah, yeah, I hear you --

If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
The two hours after school and before The Rockford Files, three days in a row.

I knew there was a reason I wore a skirt today.
Oh, Rob, we're not going to go through that again.

You're not listening.
I'm gonna--

They say there are only two days you enjoy a boat, the day you buy it and the day you sell it.
We have had security problems and to cut a long story short, I need another seven million Euros lost in the books.

Beauty is a cruel mistress, is it not?
This is simply a reflection of my appreciation.

Take me to your cinema.
What am I seeing, Mark?

What does that have to do with the price of tea in China?
And people like myself and my family are left hung out to dry.

Will you tell him that when I conduct an interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning.

Would you hold still please, sir.
Is there something wrong with anything?

I never liked me, anyway.
Time waits for no man.

Sarcasm is the recourse of a weak mind.
I shall not be caged like some animal

We're lost, aren't we?
He's futzing with that Robot.

No more monkey business.
The perfect nuclear family.

Never fear. Smith is here.
Look inside your heart, Will.

Nothing good will come of this.
That's the smell of ghosts.

If this in all a dream, why can't there be more girls?
Once or twice more and we're going to be dead in space.

He is the kindest and best of men.
He must have had his reasons for going.

We were talking of London, ma'am, and all its--diversions.
Edward and I have been secretly engaged these five years.

We're the CIA, something always goes wrong.
But you're sure he'll show up.

Never touched a legend before.
And you will need me.

How much time do we have?
But wait, how can that be?

Now there's an intelligently biting remark wrought with wit and irony.
Cause when I'm mad enough, I can bite down very hard.

Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
Lovely night for a shipwreck, isn't it?

We are not here to solve the "Case of the Dead Scumbag". We are here to nail Costello.
We've been after this cocksucker for a long time, and tonight we're gonna get him.

Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me.
Lt. Mitchell, would you please try to shoot it again?

A toast to the end of the world.
All I did was stumble onto their signal.

I'm a genius -- not an engineer!
I sawed the main beam in half.

Why?  They're only noodles.
Not interrupting anything, I hope.

What hath God wrought?
The Indian used campfires.

Do they pay you to screw that bear?
That Portuguese son of a bitch is dangerous.

Shit, he's killing himself!
Get back in that tub!

It's the simple things In life you treasure.
We've got to get that valve turned off.

Could you possibly try  not to hit  every  single  one!
Come sundown they will go into the forest to hunt.

Is that what you're worried about? Looking bad at the PTA?
Maybe Annabelle deserves to find out who really broke up her family.

I'm sorry you're sick.
I saw her in the shower!

How does one get off this thing?
The pen is mightier than the sword.

Our situation has not improved.
The floor's on fire!

You call this archaeology?
I've lost him.

My boy, we are Pilgrims in an unholy land.
You know, sharing your adventures is an interesting experience.

Does anyone understand a word I'm saying here?
What has the old fool got himself into now?

No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
Yes, she was nice, but you know, uh, it was my fault.

Can you look destiny in the eye without flinching?
You won't stop him with bullets or knives.

I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.
Ole Pete ain't much in the head, but he can lay in there with the wood.

These are for you to give me when you apologize.
I think you can expect just about anything right now.

That's just not going to happen.
I know, nobody's luck lasts forever.

I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
And when I think about her, those are the things I think about most.

My boy's wicked smart.
Fuck you, you fat fuck.

Hey! This is a private residence, man!
That gives me a very secure feeling.

The story is ludicrous.
I like it too.

Shut the fuck up, Donny.
How much they offer you?

Never fear. I is here.
My name is the Plague.

Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
Oh don't worry, it's only the rest of your life.

I hope you don't screw like you type.
I didn't know your size, so I guessed.

Your lips would make a lollipop too happy.
I'm going to make you love me.

We are men of action. Lies do not become us.
So, whenever you feel like dying, feel free to visit.

I do not budge. Keep your "Ho there."
And this is where we got the job.

His will to live is very strong.
I sent her because I trust her.

My scrotum is longer than my penis.
Yeah, she's really worried about Bruce.

May the forks be with us!
Not bad for a normal guy!

You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
Well, you know, I think everyone's doing really well considering the fact that she was so young.

They're never gonna let you perform naked. I asked.
I know it doesn't matter, but on my inner thighs.

Apes don't assassinate their presidents, gentlemen.
I had never seen anything like it.

You have the grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Actually, my friend will pronounce you dead shortly and I thought I might keep him company.

Happy birthday, Euclid.
Friday, September fifth?

Careful. The second you don't respect this, it kills you.
I've got some questions for you but they can wait.

You just committed suicide, boy.
What do we have here?

Go fuck yourself, psycho!
What, other drug dealers?

I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
Do you know how lucky we are to have found each other?

Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos.
I go to school with your daughter.

You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother.
And who used to run up to the roof of our first apartment building to flash the traffic helicopters?

Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
All I want is the same courtesy--

You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
Thursday mornings, all I could do was think about next week.

Go ahead, Cornelius. You can cry.
Man, his balls are ice cold.

Life insurance pays off triple if you die on a business trip.
Tyler also worked as a banquet waiter at the luxurious Pressman Hotel.

Strangers with this kind of honesty make me go a big rubbery one.
-- But, in here, in everyone, there's the squint of a five-day headache.

You have a kind of sick desperation in your laugh.
So you can say, "Oh, that's what you do.

I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise.
Brake linings that fail after a thousand miles.

When deep space exploration ramps up, it will be corporations that name everything. The IBM Stellar Sphere. The Philip Morris Galaxy. Planet Starbucks.
I felt sorry for all the guys packing into gyms, trying to look like what Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger said they should.

I am Jack's Raging Bile Duct.
He was obviously able to handle it.

It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
You're gonna have to keep me up all night.

I Am Jack's Smirking Revenge.
I won't be any trouble.

We've just lost cabin pressure.
What's this all about, Tyler?

I have decided that we shall stay here.
Oh, I told you it was dangerous here.

Obi-Wan has taught you well.
He is your master now.

The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has come.
We also know that the weapon systems of this Death Star are not yet operational.

Nothing like fresh powder.
Army of bad guys.

Shit, I'd rather be in Afghanistan.
I came here to be a doctor.

Cameron! What a surprise.
Rendered speechless with desire.

For example, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.
Nevertheless, I insist your vocation makes a difference, because to hold out anything other than a spiritual yardstick to reality is to be jerking off grandly into the abyss.

You can't argue with taste?
I'm not so sure sometimes.

I understand you're a man who knows how to get things.
Would it help if I explained to them I'm not homosexual?

Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first.
If I don't make it up, then you go ahead and have a great time.

I want to tell you my secret now.
You have to add some twists and stuff.

I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.
You don't have to tell me your secret if you don't want to.

I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Thanks for giving me this part, Mr. Cunningham.

I didn't know you were funny.
You haven't told bedtime stories before?

You can't hurt me anymore!
What are you going to do?

Maria, you are incorrigible.
I'm upset, Maria.

Come with me if you want to live.
Don't make a sound unless I say.

As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster.
To me, being a gangster was better than being President of the United States.

Does the world 'Duhh' mean anything to you?
I didn't see you killing any vampires.

Get out of my facial.
I like your little outfit.

I don't know. I find they're always good for a little quick ass.
Each and every one of these kids just so happens to be 21 years old.

Hey!  The van's on fire!
I hate when you do that.

Hush! And shush! For the Beldam might be listening!
I'll give you to the count of three.

Hurry up, dear. Getting cold.
A lot of slamming doors.

Mr "Saviour of the Monarchy."
Off to see your girlfriend?

Are you ready to die, Blade?
Wouldn't you accept that gift?

I had better sex in prison.
She says a lot of things.

My father was an exceptional man.
We forget about the important things.

The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree -- so don't give me too many bumps.
The energizer's shaken loose and I can't get in there to fix her -- radiation --

Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
What about the rest of the inspection, Admiral?

Grow up, Heather. Bulimia's so '86.
They should throw his ass in jail.

Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
Suicide gave Heather depth, Kurt a soul, Ram a brain.

Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
Everybody cares for youth but nobody cares about Joey Blow.

I have to return some videotapes.
Not in the mood, I guess.

Your compliment was sufficient Luis.
It's a plain end.

A pussycat is born to be whipped.
The night things are all about me.

I have no friends, only relations.
You didn't spot it either.

You've done this before.
I know it was you.

The thing that haunts a guy is the stuff he wasn't ordered to do.
In Korea, we stacked fucks like you five feet high and used you as sandbags.

I'm sorry, if you were right I'd agree with you.
Clearly you're looking for someone with more of a clinical background.

What do you make of this, Mr. Finch?
He's got us, doesn't he, Finch?

There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidence.
Death has followed his grace the whole of his career.

Small moves, Captain, small moves.
Find out where he is.

Nonsense, I have not yet begun to Defile myself.
Here's a man you should meet, Mr. Fabian.

Forgive me if I don't shake hands.
Oh sorry, Johnny, I forgot all About you.

How about the shape of that liquor cabinet?
I just think us girls should stick together.

All right, driver. Once around the park. Slowly. And keep your eyes on the road.
So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.

We should have dug deeper than a grave.
Next time, we'll have a foolproof coffin.

Die screaming, motherfucker.
Suck on it.

You're a sick fuck, Fink.
He teach you to do it?

I thought you couldn't live without your heart.
Do what you want, it's a free country.

Even if that guy was charming and funny I still wouldn't like him.
She did it because she got off on it, she did it for fun.

We have a ghost here, you know.
I think maybe baby's got plans.

Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
Can you think of anything else, Barbara, they might have told me about that party?

John, I'm twenty-six years old I didn't run away from home.
I don't expect an apology and I don't even want one.

God save me and watch over you all.
You're goddamned right I'll move fast.

Got it. Need it. Need it. Got it.
What do you want to melt him with?

I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home?

This ain't a picnic, bitch!
The plan just done changed, Tree.

Well? Who's a boy gonna talk to, if not his mother?
Your mind's so filthy, it's hard even to look at you.

You're hanging by a very thin thread, dude. And I dig that about you.
We ain't gonna bring Nike to their knees with some regional camel ad --

Don't ever stop fucking me!
I'm too strong for you.

I wish we could just go nowhere.
Well, how much money do you have?

I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.
Come get me if you love me baby.

Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
Come on man, I gotta fly.

I may not be much of a horse guy. But I was born to do this.
It's hard to put in words the deep connection the People have to the forest.

This is gonna ruin my whole day.
Parker, we have to talk, like rational people.

Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
I'm learning to read the trails, the tracks at the water-hole, the tiniest scents and sounds.

Sky people can not learn. You do not See.
Where ever you are, come back to me now.

Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
I was a warrior who dreamed he could bring peace.

I need to take some samples.
Forget it, it doesn't matter.

Stay alive a little longer.
Tell me your last name.

I sure was surprised the day Lisa Flanagan asked me for a ride home and ended up blowing me.
First Lisa has a big fight with my sister, and the next thing you know she's my girlfriend.

Her pussy gets so wet you can't believe it.
I don't need a lecture on ethics, Jim, okay?

I've never really been anywhere.
I'm sorry to hear that.

It takes backbone to lead the life you want, Frank.
And what do you think you're going to do?

Now, more than ever, we need the Supermen.
But they didn't put me in prison.

This is the most magnificent discarded living room set I've ever seen.
I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.

I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
Listen, once I have the baby, Vanessa is going to finally be happy, and everything will be all right.

It ended with a chair.
You're just golden, dude.

Is there someone in the room with us?
Who is that guy in the Rec Room?

Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base.
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base.

If you was worth breaking my fingers on, I'd tear your face wide open.
And still I was the only one with guts enough to stand up for him!

How dare you treat my friends so shamefully.
Whoa, careful down there, you almost hit us.

I'm not even listening.
I was holding for someone.

It's not my back that's killing me.
Josh, you look like you could use a hug.

Build this house with me.
Not home with your mother.

If you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.
Ba -- we will need another place set for Mr. Walker's driver.

Logan! You renewed!
At Carousel tonight?

Except for socially, you're my role model.
I've got four hours of French demonstrations --

Do you do bunny rabbits?
Give me some of that.

Michael? Why are the drapes open?
I'm going to the market.

I don't want anything to happen to him while my Mother's alive.
I own some stock in some of the hotels, but only very small amounts.

Take this beast back to his cage.
Perhaps your kettles are stained with rust.

You can't be a proper writer without a touch of madness, can you?
What I've seen in life, it takes a lot to hold my interest.

He's a writer, not a madman.
No one's forcing you to listen.

Don't come any closer, Abbe. God's watching.
A tale more horrible than all the rest combined!

Your terrible secret, revealed. You're a man, after all.
I beg you, Doctor, don't make me say it.

Some men are past redemption.
Don't you see, Abbe?

What a strange person.
Perhaps he was dictating.

When I can walk, I'll run.
Are you an expert on this now?

There is now a level zero.
Why don't you try again?

I hope I haven't let you down.
He was your ally for twenty years, Leonid.

Can you imagine what this man would have been had he ever been loved?
I never suggested for some imbeciles to go break into a psychiatrist's office.

Goodnight, dark prince.
How did you-

Welcome to Pacific Tech's "Smart People On Ice."
You didn't straighten the place up, did you?

Maybe we got 'em demoralized.
With those things running around.

We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.
Thanks, Mickey, but I need to get out, you know?

Try not to steal anything on the way out.
He saw me in a bar with another woman.

The little things. There's nothing bigger, is there?
So all I have to do is imagine something?

Trust no one, Mr. Mulder.
You have precious little time.

What does it mean, exact change?
As you observed, a primitive Culture.

Everyone remember where we parked.
We'll divide into teams.

Admiral! There be whales here!
I'll have to re-energize.

Eat your waffles, fat man.
Doesn't that worry you?

What's that man doing in my drawers?
He's got more sense than you have.

I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name.
If you don't tell the cops, I will.

Fight now, cry later.
Bash the door in!

Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
And we have to decide whether we want to come out of this dead or alive.

Somebody tell a joke!
I've said it.

Anybody want some pie?
In front of them?

If you stop, you die.
Well, that's a start.

Get on me, Bert. I can't lose.
That's my bankroll, my life's savings.

Cut, Casper. That's a wrap.
Can I be the helpless victim?

"A faithful heart makes wishes come true."
Wherever I went, someone always recognized me.

So, you must be the Red Dragon.
Where's the, uh, 'Dragon's lair?

You didn't invite me, so I crashed!
These are the first-born sons of Gotham City!

I don't know about you, Miss Kitty, but I feel.  So.  Much. Yummier.
My body will heal, but this was the last pair left in my size.

He's almost a stranger and I prefer him to you.
I don't suppose one of us could stay with him.

This isn't how I die.
When I'm really supposed to.

It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
A man's life can only grow to a certain size in a place like this.

I don't think I'll ever dry out.
Not everything your father says is a complete fabrication.

It was that night I discovered that most things you consider evil or wicked are simply lonely, and lacking in the social niceties.
See, most men, they'll tell a story straight through, and it won't be complicated, but it won't be interesting either.

They have taken away our silence.
An antidote eliminating misery and sorrow.

With all my black little heart.
I'm glad she's risen!

Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Come out, come out, whoever you are.

This is pretty fucking sexy.
Sixty thou a year, domestic.

Would you stop condescending for one second? Or is that one of the principles of your bullshit philosophy?
How does it not even cross your mind that you might want to have a future with somebody?

Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one?
Inside the packet you'll find a clearly worked out severance package.

I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
They need the money for my band uniform at school.

Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.
How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin.

Christ. I think I shit my pants.
That's why you sent for me?

I'm in pain!  And I'm wet!  And I'm still hysterical!
Up and down, up and down, until he squashed her like a bug.

If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
I mean, sure, she would smoke a little grass, or something, have a few drinks.

This really looks like Hawaii here.
Do you wanna have sex?

I'm gonna punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are.
He should join the Marines, they could make something out of him.

Dead. But still fresh.
Don't you think?

Polly wanna cracker?
What's going on?

All along I felt in my gut. There was something wrong with him.
So am I. I've been waiting for this moment for so long.

In dreams begin responsibilities.
What do you care?

Sir, my leg is on fire!
I never did give you that--

The puddle man is outside, majesty.
I beg your majesty's forgiveness.

I've never known a woman like you.
May the Lord God preserve England's Queen.

Another movie from an old TV show?
The most dangerous explosive material ever invented.

Why do they always run?
Eyes on the prize, Nat.

See how hard You make me angel.
I'm sorry I put us asunder.

I'm not much on rear window ethics.
Why don't I slip into something comfortable?

Mind if I use the portable keyhole?
There's probably one in the basement.

Clear that bridge for me.
Yes, I gathered as much.

Feel like pleading for your life?
Why did you save that bastard?

She's waiting for you.
I love Christmas in Turkey.

Have you ever been on television?
Oh, you mean to bring in!

