No little girl can ever make me come.
I think we just need to get wasted.

And he saw that it was good.
What if God was one of us.

And that's the way the cookie crumbles.
Any word on the open anchor position, Jack?

How much can a man give to his country?
Where can I get a cab back to town?

If you refuse, you die, she dies, everybody dies.
She's sleeping, but only I can awaken her.

If you were any less black, you would be clear.
If you let them in here, they will kill you.

I am not a bathroom attendant!
We've been here five minutes.

Here. Let me put these in some rubbing alcohol.
We haven't seen each other since high school.

I'll lick the stamps.
I'm thinking of it.

I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
This is the first one that looked like it was hiding from the world at large.

I got you nectarines because the peaches are hard as rocks.
And then we all smiled, and it was a great minute.

A shovel just makes too goddamn much racket.
By the way, how was it out there?

If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office.

I wouldn't give you a gun if it was World War Three.
We go out, we find those damn snake things, we make 'em extinct.

Is white guilt supposed to make me forget I'm running a business?
If I don't see it in front of me, you're right.

We did it right there, in the big cauldron!
She had lovers, but she saved that for marriage.

You could have picked a better spot.
This is no rabble of mindless Orcs.

Bring your pretty face to my axe!
The air is so close in here.

Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Never where you expect it, that's all I know.

Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
I gotta go break the news to Megan's friends about what's happened.

All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats.
And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms.

Do you want to die here?
Just give me the goddamn disc!

Don't bother to scream.
We fell from grace together.

Who knocked up your sister?
What 're you talking about?

And I'm back in the saddle.
She's partial to Joey, not me

Charlotte had pudding in her Prada.
When something is really, really funny.

What does your gut tell you?
Why didn't you say something?

It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
He said he wrote because he didn't have your phone number.

Year after year, twenty-something women come to New York City in search of the two "L's": labels and love.
I had told Louise to put Big in a place where I would never have to hear from him again.

Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
Which is why I called them.

