I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
They need the money for my band uniform at school.

It was that night I discovered that most things you consider evil or wicked are simply lonely, and lacking in the social niceties.
See, most men, they'll tell a story straight through, and it won't be complicated, but it won't be interesting either.

Sometimes your whole life boils down to one insane move.
I was a warrior who dreamed he could bring peace.

You just might get lucky for once in your miserable life.
In fact, they treated the whole incident like a bad dream.

Will you tell him that when I conduct an interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning.

You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
See, the kind of people you steal things from, they have insurance to compensate them.

It went straight for the warhead. And they think it's cute.
I want 'round-the-clock manning of the sonar shack and the exterior cameras.

This is the most magnificent discarded living room set I've ever seen.
I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.

Chicks, cannot hold der smoke! That's what it is!
When I signed up, you know, for the course I mean.

It does sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
All right, let's say we're in the door.

Everything is backwards now. Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
I'm learning to read the trails, the tracks at the water-hole, the tiniest scents and sounds.

I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.
You don't have to tell me your secret if you don't want to.

Well? Who's a boy gonna talk to, if not his mother?
Your mind's so filthy, it's hard even to look at you.

If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
I mean, sure, she would smoke a little grass, or something, have a few drinks.

Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
We would have gone with The Rock, but it was taken.

You don't find it depressing that Homer Wells is picking apples?
And you won't be able to take care of them, either.

I've got to get Ted. Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
Also, we're heading right for the sun and can't seem to change course.

The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
Sydney, seldom does a day go by that I'm not burned in effigy.

He's almost a stranger and I prefer him to you.
I don't suppose one of us could stay with him.

It takes backbone to lead the life you want, Frank.
And what do you think you're going to do?

Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
You're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong.

Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
I gotta go break the news to Megan's friends about what's happened.

Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Because you knew what it would be like, hiding from the police, running away all the time?

Listen you guys, help yourself to anything in the fridge. Cereal has.
Oh don't worry, it's only the rest of your life.

You can swallow a pint of blood before you get sick.
Thursday mornings, all I could do was think about next week.

