I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! This ain't jelling.
This is the first one that looked like it was hiding from the world at large.

Don't piss me off, junior. Or I will repaint this office with your brains.
I gotta go break the news to Megan's friends about what's happened.

The first and most important rule of gunrunning is never get shot with your own merchandise.
At least when they say they're going to have a war, they keep their word.

You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
It's all part of your image, I don't believe a word of it.

I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.

The only time a whore should open her mouth is when she's giving head.
I'll be up in a while to help you ring in the New Year.

Is looking like a constipated warthog a prerequisite to getting a job in the art world?
I'm not happy about having to steal that horse, but I do have my pride.

I've got to get Ted. Just don't come apart on me now, Simon.
Also, we're heading right for the sun and can't seem to change course.

Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder?
I think Maroon plays the part of the sound mind, your wife the sound body.

Who could love a man who keeps jumping through burning hoops, like a trained poodle?
He never would have killed himself if I hadn't gone through with the annulment.

You of all people should know, Terry: in your hotel, there's always someone watching.
See, the kind of people you steal things from, they have insurance to compensate them.

It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
That's the influence of the right food, the right exercise, and the right breathing.

If you really wanted to mess me up, you should have got to me earlier.
The two hours after school and before The Rockford Files, three days in a row.

Will you tell him that when I conduct an interview, I sit anywhere I damn please!
I'm talking about when you're nearer the end of your life than the beginning.

You have the grand gift of silence, Watson. It makes you quite invaluable as a companion.
Actually, my friend will pronounce you dead shortly and I thought I might keep him company.

The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has come.
We also know that the weapon systems of this Death Star are not yet operational.

Every guy in history who tried to pick up a girl did the good-friend thing first.
If I don't make it up, then you go ahead and have a great time.

I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.
You don't have to tell me your secret if you don't want to.

I don't know. I find they're always good for a little quick ass.
Each and every one of these kids just so happens to be 21 years old.

The thing that haunts a guy is the stuff he wasn't ordered to do.
In Korea, we stacked fucks like you five feet high and used you as sandbags.

All right, driver. Once around the park. Slowly. And keep your eyes on the road.
So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.

Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
Can you think of anything else, Barbara, they might have told me about that party?

I may not be much of a horse guy. But I was born to do this.
It's hard to put in words the deep connection the People have to the forest.

If you was worth breaking my fingers on, I'd tear your face wide open.
And still I was the only one with guts enough to stand up for him!

Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
And we have to decide whether we want to come out of this dead or alive.

It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend.
A man's life can only grow to a certain size in a place like this.

If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this.
I mean, sure, she would smoke a little grass, or something, have a few drinks.

