
Again and again Mme Couderc, of Saint-Ouen, was prevented from hanging herself from her window bolt. Exasperated, she fled across the fields.

There was a gas explosion at the home of Larrieux, in Bordeaux. He was injured. His mother-in-law's hair caught on fire. The ceiling caved in.

Eugène Périchot, of Pailles, near Saint-Maixent, entertained at his home Mme Lemartrier. Eugène Dupuis came to fetch her. They killed him. Love.

A dishwasher from Nancy, Vital Frérotte, who had just come back from Lourdes cured forever of tuberculosis, died Sunday by mistake.

Finding his daughter, 19, insufficiently austere, Jallat, watchmaker of Saint-Étienne, killed her. It is true that he has eleven children left.

On the bowling lawn a stroke leveled M. André, 75, of Levallois. While his ball was still rolling he was no more.

M. Jonnart denied to the commission that the new tax plan was a scheme to make the budget's ends meet.

A criminal virago, Mlle Tulle, was sentenced by the Rouen court to 10 years' hard labor, while her lover got five.

Because of his poster opposing the strikebreakers, the students of Brest lycée hissed their teacher, M. Litalien, an aide to the mayor.

Nurse Elise Bachmann, whose day off was yesterday, put on a public display of insanity.

A complaint was sworn by the Persian physician Djai Khan against a compatriot who had stolen from him a tiara.

A dozen hawkers who had been announcing news of a nonexistent anarchist bombing at the Madeleine have been arrested.

A certain madwoman arrested downtown falsely claimed to be nurse Elise Bachmann. The latter is perfectly sane.

On Place du Panthéon, a heated group of voters attempted to roast an effigy of M. Auffray, the losing candidate. They were dispersed.

Arrested in Saint-Germain for petty theft, Joël Guilbert drank sublimate. He was detoxified, but died yesterday of delirium tremens.

The photographer Joachim Berthoud could not get over the death of his wife. He killed himself in Fontanay-sous-Bois.

Reverend Andrieux, of Roannes, near Aurillac, whom a pitiless husband perforated Wednesday with two rifle shots, died last night.

In political disagreements, M. Begouen, journalist, and M. Bepmale, MP, had called one another "thief" and "liar." They have reconciled.

In a café on Rue Fontaine, Vautour, Lenoir, and Atanis exchanged a few bullets regarding their wives, who were not present.

Women suckling their infants argued the workers' cause to the director of the streetcar lines in Toulon. He was unmoved.

The Yodtzes, of Bezons, were somewhat burned in a fire from which they were rescued by two cuirassiers.

Ten years' hard labor were given Tournour by the court in Nancy. The adolescent killed a traveler who employed him as guide.

No more briar pipes. Their makers, in Saint-Claude, have stopped work until they are paid better.

"If my candidate loses, I will kill myself," M. Bellavoine, of Fresquienne, Seine-Inférieure, had declared. He killed himself.

A thunderstorm interrupted the celebration in Orléans in honor of Joan of Arc and the 477th anniversary of the defeat of the English.

In the course of a heated political discussion in Propriano, Corsica, two men were killed and two wounded.

In Bône, the courts and the bar have reestablished contact with the prison, now that the typhus outbreak there has been curbed.

Clash in the street between the municipal powers of Vendres, Hérault, and the party of the opposition. Two constables were injured.

Despondent owing to the bankruptcy of one of his debtors, M. Arturo Ferretti, merchant of Bizerte, killed himself with a hunting rifle.

While thundering for the Republic, a 300-year-old cannon exploded in Chatou, but no one was hurt.

The charge of embezzlement against the management of the Toulon artillery amounts to nothing, according to the manager's inquiry.

Scheid, of Dunkirk, fired three times at his wife. Since he missed every shot, he decided to aim at his mother-in-law, and connected.

Mme Vivant, of Argenteuil, failed to reckon with the ardor of Maheu, the laundry's owner. He fished the desperate laundress from the Seine.

Finding her son, Hyacinthe, 69, hanged, Mme Ranvier, of Bussy-Saint-Georges, was so depressed she could not cut him down.

The fever, of military origin, that is raging in Rouillac, Charente, is getting worse and spreading. Preventative measures have been taken.

In the second arrondissement, 27 violations have been charged in three days against cabdrivers who demanded excessive tips up front.

Yesterday, in the streets of Paris, cars killed Mme Resche and M. P. Chaverrais and gravely wounded Mlle Fernande Tissedre.

At Toulouse, the finale of the bailliffs' convention. Their duties, said a speaker, are "delicate, dangerous, and insufficiently compensated."

Due to their ardor during audits and polls, some congregants and a voter have been sentenced, in Cholet and Saint-Girons.

The May Day celebration in Lorient was noisy, but not a hint of violence gave the slightest cause for police intervention.

During a scuffle in Grenoble, three demonstrators were arrested by the brigade, who were hissed by the crowd.

After finding a suspect device on his doorstep, Friquet, a printer in Aubusson, filed a complaint against persons unknown.

Sand and only that was the content of two suspect packages that yesterday morning alarmed Saint-Germain-en-Laye.

The recalled mayor of Montigny, his wife, and a member of the municipal council have been sentenced to prison for strike-related offenses.

D., of the 8th Colonial Régiment, Toulon, who incited inmates to riot in the correctional barracks, has been given 60 days in jail.

A lamplighter in Versailles and a sexton in La Garenne-Colombes both found incendiary devices, their fuses snuuffed.

Hanging on to the door, a traveler a tad overweight caused his carriage to topple, in Ménilmontant, and fractured his skull.

Furious that someone swiped his catch, M. Lepieux, a fisherman of Vieux-Port, Eure, nearly killed the seafood fancier.

Four horses, minus their dragoons, bolted on Quai de Javel. Thef knocked over a coach and its driver, Fouché.

Burning with electoral fervor, persons attending a speech by M. Lafferre in Agde got into a fight. Several were injured, one seriously.

The city council of Toulon voted in favor of an eight-hour day for the police force. Its decision was vetoed by the prefect.

The Finance Minister has recommended to tax collectors in Toulon that they be lenient with taxpayers adversely affected by strikes.

Despite a 20-year pententiary sentence, in absentia, M. Miot, a Bordeaux architect, lived quietly in Toulon. He was arrested there.
