The king died, and then the queen died of grief.

An unidentified maker of paste jewels from the third arrondissement was fishing in a boat with his wife at Mezy. She fell. He dived. Both gone.

Because an automobile ran over his dog, a peasant from Dardilly, Rhone, shot at another automobile. He got a year in jail, suspended.

'Ouch!' cried the cunning oyster eater, 'A pearl!' Someone at the next table bought it for 100 franks. It had cost 30 cents at the dime store.

Eugène Périchot, of Pailles, near Saint-Maixent, entertained at his home Mme Lemartrier. Eugène Dupuis came to fetch her. They killed him. Love.

Finding his daughter, 19, insufficiently austere, Jallat, watchmaker of Saint-Étienne, killed her. It is true that he has eleven children left.

In political disagreements, M. Begouen, journalist, and M. Bepmale, MP, had called one another "thief" and "liar." They have reconciled.

Women suckling their infants argued the workers' cause to the director of the streetcar lines in Toulon. He was unmoved.

Scheid, of Dunkirk, fired three times at his wife. Since he missed every shot, he decided to aim at his mother-in-law, and connected.

Mme Vivant, of Argenteuil, failed to reckon with the ardor of Maheu, the laundry's owner. He fished the desperate laundress from the Seine.

The photographer Joachim Berthoud could not get over the death of his wife. He killed himself in Fontanay-sous-Bois.

"If my candidate loses, I will kill myself," M. Bellavoine, of Fresquienne, Seine-Inférieure, had declared. He killed himself.

Burning with electoral fervor, persons attending a speech by M. Lafferre in Agde got into a fight. Several were injured, one seriously.

On Place du Panthéon, a heated group of voters attempted to roast an effigy of M. Auffray, the losing candidate. They were dispersed.

Again and again Mme Couderc, of Saint-Ouen, was prevented from hanging herself from her window bolt. Exasperated, she fled across the fields.

Furious that someone swiped his catch, M. Lepieux, a fisherman of Vieux-Port, Eure, nearly killed the seafood fancier.

The city council of Toulon voted in favor of an eight-hour day for the police force. Its decision was vetoed by the prefect.

