The king died and then the queen died.

Louis Gaux, 21, of Levallois-Perret, was knifed by a young woman wandering about by night in the military zone.

Nurse Elise Bachmann, whose day off was yesterday, put on a public display of insanity.

Three bears driven down from the heights of the Pyrenees by snow have been decimating the sheep of the valley of the Lys.

A criminal virago, Mlle Tulle, was sentenced by the Rouen court to 10 years' hard labor, while her lover got five.

A complaint was sworn by the Persian physician Djai Khan against a compatriot who had stolen from him a tiara.

A dozen hawkers who had been announcing news of a nonexistent anarchist bombing at the Madeleine have been arrested.

There was a gas explosion at the home of Larrieux, in Bordeaux. He was injured. His mother-in-law's hair caught on fire. The ceiling caved in.

Because of his poster opposing the strikebreakers, the students of Brest lycée hissed their teacher, M. Litalien, an aide to the mayor.

The Yodtzes, of Bezons, were somewhat burned in a fire from which they were rescued by two cuirassiers.

Ten years' hard labor were given Tournour by the court in Nancy. The adolescent killed a traveler who employed him as guide.

No more briar pipes. Their makers, in Saint-Claude, have stopped work until they are paid better.

A thunderstorm interrupted the celebration in Orléans in honor of Joan of Arc and the 477th anniversary of the defeat of the English.

In the course of a heated political discussion in Propriano, Corsica, two men were killed and two wounded.

Clash in the street between the municipal powers of Vendres, Hérault, and the party of the opposition. Two constables were injured.

The fever, of military origin, that is raging in Rouillac, Charente, is getting worse and spreading. Preventative measures have been taken.

In the second arrondissement, 27 violations have been charged in three days against cabdrivers who demanded excessive tips up front.

Yesterday, in the streets of Paris, cars killed Mme Resche and M. P. Chaverrais and gravely wounded Mlle Fernande Tissedre.

Due to their ardor during audits and polls, some congregants and a voter have been sentenced, in Cholet and Saint-Girons.

The May Day celebration in Lorient was noisy, but not a hint of violence gave the slightest cause for police intervention.

During a scuffle in Grenoble, three demonstrators were arrested by the brigade, who were hissed by the crowd.

The recalled mayor of Montigny, his wife, and a member of the municipal council have been sentenced to prison for strike-related offenses.

D., of the 8th Colonial Régiment, Toulon, who incited inmates to riot in the correctional barracks, has been given 60 days in jail.

The Finance Minister has recommended to tax collectors in Toulon that they be lenient with taxpayers adversely affected by strikes.

After finding a suspect device on his doorstep, Friquet, a printer in Aubusson, filed a complaint against persons unknown.

A dishwasher from Nancy, Vital Frérotte, who had just come back from Lourdes cured forever of tuberculosis, died Sunday by mistake.

On the bowling lawn a stroke leveled M. André, 75, of Levallois. While his ball was still rolling he was no more.

Finding her son, Hyacinthe, 69, hanged, Mme Ranvier, of Bussy-Saint-Georges, was so depressed she could not cut him down.

Hanging on to the door, a traveler a tad overweight caused his carriage to topple, in Ménilmontant, and fractured his skull.

M. Jonnart denied to the commission that the new tax plan was a scheme to make the budget's ends meet.

A certain madwoman arrested downtown falsely claimed to be nurse Elise Bachmann. The latter is perfectly sane.

Arrested in Saint-Germain for petty theft, Joël Guilbert drank sublimate. He was detoxified, but died yesterday of delirium tremens.

In Bône, the courts and the bar have reestablished contact with the prison, now that the typhus outbreak there has been curbed.

Despondent owing to the bankruptcy of one of his debtors, M. Arturo Ferretti, merchant of Bizerte, killed himself with a hunting rifle.

The charge of embezzlement against the management of the Toulon artillery amounts to nothing, according to the manager's inquiry.

At Toulouse, the finale of the bailliffs' convention. Their duties, said a speaker, are "delicate, dangerous, and insufficiently compensated."

A lamplighter in Versailles and a sexton in La Garenne-Colombes both found incendiary devices, their fuses snuffed.

Four horses, minus their dragoons, bolted on Quai de Javel. They knocked over a coach and its driver, Fouché.

While thundering for the Republic, a 300-year-old cannon exploded in Chatou, but no one was hurt.

Reverend Andrieux, of Roannes, near Aurillac, whom a pitiless husband perforated Wednesday with two rifle shots, died last night.

In a café on Rue Fontaine, Vautour, Lenoir, and Atanis exchanged a few bullets regarding their wives, who were not present.

Sand and only that was the content of two suspect packages that yesterday morning alarmed Saint-Germain-en-Laye.

Despite a 20-year pententiary sentence, in absentia, M. Miot, a Bordeaux architect, lived quietly in Toulon. He was arrested there.

